Mesh repairs in the mesh generation phase (#25088)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/MeshRepairGenerator.md

# MeshRepairGenerator

!syntax description /Mesh/MeshRepairGenerator

## Overview

The `MeshRepairGenerator` provides a collection of operations to repair defects / modify features in a mesh.
If the defects/features are not present in the mesh, the `MeshRepairGenerator` does not modify the mesh.
The operations currently implemented are:

- overlapping node merges. This operation considers all nodes in the entire mesh and looks for nodes in neighboring
  elements that may overlap. If overlaps are found, only one node is kept.

- flipping the orientation of negative volume elements. Negative volume elements can arise from a wrong orientation.

- separating elements in subdomains into several subdomains depending on their element types. Subdomains with a mix of

>   element types are not supported by [Exodus.md] output. The new split subdomains have the type of the element appended.

Author: ```suggestion
  element types are not supported by [Exodus.md] output. The new split subdomains' names have the type of the element appended to their respective names.
```

>   element types are not supported by [Exodus.md] output. The new split subdomains have the type of the element appended.

Author: better now?

>   element types are not supported by [Exodus.md] output. The new split subdomains have the type of the element appended.

Reviewer: yep!
